---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-13T14:06:00.859Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-13T14:04:03.295Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-13-fea52d5c-0744-454a-8229-a4f6d1a9ec28.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: fea52d5c-0744-454a-8229-a4f6d1a9ec28/index.html
_type: Article

---
TIM GOODCHILD 

, A

SSOC

. CIPD

39 Thornton Side, Redhill, Surrey. RH1 2NP.

M -- 07748 803119 | E -- 

tim@tsgconsulting.co.uk 

| L - 

http://uk.linkedin.com/in/tgoodchild 

| T - 

@TSGoodchild

P

ROFILE

Commercially focused CIPD graduate with experience across the HR spectrum including people management. Recent HR specialism
within recruitment and has demonstrable experience in employee relations, reward, HR systems, analytics, employment law and
learning & development. I have been described as a calming influence in terms of stakeholder management across an international
remit. Seeking an opportunity to provide continual development of my CIPD/HR career in a reward based role.

C

AREER 

A

CHIEVEMENTS 

& K

EY 

S

KILLS

* ~  Delivered and managed full recruitment implementation for EA Games, Huffington Post UK and Telegraph.

* ~  Managed high volume recruitment projects across multiple disciplines simultaneously to meet business needs.

* ~  Designed and implemented a new HR Intranet site to promote self-service amongst employees.

* ~  On-site Sports Reporter at the British Formula One Grand Prix 2013 for Huffington Post UK.

* ~  Excellent at building relationships with internal and external stakeholders, always focused on customers.

P

ROFESSIONAL 

E

XPERIENCE

Mar 15 - Present AOL - owned by Verizon -- 

Media  

Recruitment Manager - Human Resources 

(Contract via TSGoodchild Consulting Ltd)  

Provided opportunity to return to Aol during a period of great change within the International HR team and the company through 2015\.
Initially brought in to take lead on expansion of the Huffington Post UK developing into a lead role within a wholly new recruitment
function. Key deliverables during this contract:

  * ~  Provide knowledge and insight across Human Resources from previous experience of working at Aol.

  * ~  Partner with Editorial (Huffington Post, Aol UK), Sales, Legal, HR and Analytics on open headcount campaigns.

  * ~  Researched and provide benchmark salaries on roles as requested by HR Business Partners and hiring managers.

  * ~  Refine and implement new process in line with Aol recruitment policy.

  * ~  Developed assessment pack for Sales across all levels.

  * ~  Partner with wider HR department on recruitment strategy following Aol's acquisition on MSN and Millennial Media.

Sep 14 --Mar 15 BBC -- 

Media  

Recruitment Business Partner -- Capita RPO Services 

(Contract via TSGoodchild Consulting Ltd)  

Contracted to partner a challenging client group within the BBC. Aligned to work on three large high-profile technology projects running
concurrently and to put required recruitment methodologies in place. Key deliverables during this contract:

  * ~  Changed perception of recruitment delivery within a challenging client group (Service Assurance).

  * ~  All roles were highly niche, sourcing all roles direct-to-market and often having to close candidates on offer with high

level of negotiation skills.

  * ~  Partnered closely with senior management to ensure recruitment process was followed, high talent was attracted and

introduced new recruitment techniques to meet challenging demands.

Aug 13 - Jul 14 Telegraph Media Group -- 

Media  

Talent Acquisition Specialist - Human Resources  

Reporting to the Head of Talent and People Development, providing headhunting specialism skills to target candidates across the digital
and senior editorial landscape as the business transitions to become a digital media content organisation.

  * ~  Introduced new recruitment methods into the organisation through use of LinkedIn Talent Solutions. I spearheaded this
implementation and generated personal savings in excess of £250,000 within first six months of use.

  * ~  Worked closely with Chief Digital Officer to target key personnel to build up new digital product management team, including
influential hires. Personally recognised for achievement by CDO to Chief-Executive team.

  * ~  Provided HR support to Technology team and worked closely to implement a cultural fit interview into their assessment of all
technology recruitment to ensure the correct candidates were selected.

  * ~  Developed a new process flow for how recruitment works within TMG, with key areas of responsibility covering approval,
source of candidates, assessment, onboarding and review. This was approved by senior leadership team to gain buy-in and
demonstrate TMG having a best-in-practice recruitment process.

Feb 11 - Aug 13 AOL -- 

Media  

Recruitment Manager - Human Resources  

Reporting to the Head of Talent Acquisition, Europe at AOL's UK head office, managing recruitment for London, France and Germany
for AOL O&O, Huffington Post UK and AOL Networks. Provided adhoc HR support when needed.

  * ~  Delivered on critical recruitment project and be the sole HR Business Partner for the launch of The Huffington Post UK,
recruiting key Editorial personnel to enable a new approach to the UK journalism industry.

  * ~  Business partner relationships with broad client groups: Editorial, Technology, Analytics, Marketing, Sales, Corporate
Functions, Product, Business Development and Creative.

  * ~  Amendment of current HR policy and creation of new HR policy, for example usage of Social Media in the workplace.

  * ~  Proactively managed the direct sourcing model for recruitment across AOL, attracting top talent across the industry at all

levels, including senior management. During this role I filled over 200 vacancies saving AOL £1.2m in fees.

* ~  Provided support to the wider HR team on variety of HR projects and day-to-day operations covering employee relations,
cultural surveys, talent pipelining, talent management, job families and disciplinary & grievance meetings.

* ~  Coached hiring managers on interview technique, legal constraints and to ensure candidates are assessed correctly.

* ~  Cultural Ambassador to the AOL business and development of Employer Branding.

Apr 10 -- Dec 10 Pfizer Limited -- 

Pharmaceutical  

Talent Acquisition Specialist, Human Resources 

(Contract)  

Reporting to the UK/Ireland Talent Acquisition (TA) Director at Pfizer's Head Office. Multi-site recruitment across a diverse set of
disciplines. Key responsibilities and achievements include:

  * ~  Subject matter expert for employment law legislature changes, amending recruitment and HR policies when required.

  * ~  Partnered the business with diverse client groups across EMEA region.

  * ~  Organised and managed complex assessment centres using a variety of assessment options.

  * ~  Represented Pfizer on a panel of three at a LinkedIn seminar for 150 recruiters across all industries.

Mar 10 -- Apr 10 24/7 Real Media (owned by WPP) -- 

Digital Marketing

Recruiter, Human Resources 

(Contract)

Reporting to the Global Recruiter, I was the lead recruiter for all London-based roles, managing the end-to-end recruitment cycle.

Nov 08 -- Dec 09 Universal Pictures International Entertainment (UPIE), owned by General Electric (GE) -- 

Media

HR Co-ordinator, Human Resources 

(Fixed-term contract)

Reporting to two HR Managers, I provided full HR generalist service to multiple client groups, the UK operating company (OpCo) and
indirect support to international OpCos. Key responsibilities and achievements include:

* ~  Processed full payroll administration, managed benefits programme and worked with reward team.

* ~  Designed and implemented an HR intranet site for UK-based employees to use, reducing HR administration by 25%.

* ~  Processed and managed all immigration data and status changes in accordance to legislature.

* ~  Supported HR Manager in all consultation meetings for disciplinary, grievance and redundancy processes.

* ~  Held training sessions for over 150 employees, and held presentations on HR initiatives.

* ~  Proactively used GE's online career site to source candidates directly, saving the company £100,000 in fees in 2009\.

* ~  Advised employees on HR policies and provided career development guidance.

Oct 07 -- Nov 08 F&C Asset Management -- 

Financial Services  

HR Co-ordinator, Human Resources  

Reporting to the Senior HR Co-ordinator, providing generalist support. Key responsibilities and achievements include:

* ~  Full HR administrative support to four HR Managers and four HR Specialists including training and reward.
* ~  Managed the graduate recruitment programme through design and application process including selecting successful
applicants as per qualifying criterion, and interviewing candidates at first-stage.
* ~  Conducted all day-one HR inductions for new starters and was the point-of-contact during early employment.
Sept 02 -- June 07 Electronic Arts Ltd. (EA Games) -- Interactive Software Publisher  
Project Lead, European Certification Group (ECG)  
Represented the department (50 headcount) on all HR matters, liaising with the Human Resources department as required.

* ~  Managed and led recruitment programme for 100, zero-hour, fixed term contractors -- assisting with job specification and
advertisement design through to the design and coordination of over 25 Assessment Centres.
* ~  Managed employee relations issues particularly disciplinary and grievance meetings as required.
* ~  Project managed the relocation of the department to a new location at our European HQ and again to their current location
in Madrid, Spain. I was the lead decision maker for layout, design, purchasing and work operations.
* ~  Managed 2 direct reports, provided appraisal reviews and set SMART objectives; and managed teams of up to 20\.
Sept 00 -- Aug 01 Friends Provident Plc -- Financial Services
3rd Level IT Support Technician

~ Working in a team of six, I resolved IT queries raised by staff and project work on premises at Dorking HQ.

Q

UALIFICATIONS

CIPD, Associate Member (Fully qualified)

Sept 08 -- July 10 PgDip HR Management (CIPD) 

London Metropolitan University

Sept 01 -- Sept 02 BA (Hons) Business Administration (2:2) 

Kingston University

IT S

KILLS

GoogleDocs, MS Office - Word, PowerPoint, Excel & Outlook; LinkedIn Talent Solutions (Recruiter); Midland HR, iTrent, Oracle HR;
Success Factors, PWA (NorthgateArinso); PeopleSoft; WebI; Kenexa BrassRing; 

hr

Source; SAP; Adobe Acrobat; Concur, and DevTrack.

P

ERSONAL 

I

NFORMATION

I am an avid fan of F1; I enjoy the theatre, orchestral music, cooking, gaming, films, driving, writing (

blog 

on HuffPostUK and F1 and
games writer for 

TeamVVV

) and play the piano.

V

OLUNTEERING

I support the Drive Forward Foundation throughout the year providing advice and support to 16-25 year olds on career ambitions.